Bashar is Al jaz's senior political
analyst who's with me here in the studio
so a lot of claims made by the Israeli
Israeli military in the last hour or so
they're basically saying that their
assault in the AL shiffer hospital was
completely Justified and apparently have
hard proof to show the world well they
they keep showing us these guns right
which is kind of baffling why would
Hamas leave the guns and not anything
else it it sounds like or it seems like
a scene from the Godfather leave the
guns take the
canoli which actually sounds comical but
it's it's actually tragic that the
Israelis think that this actually works
the fact that you there you have these
Hamas Fighters militants whatever and
the only thing that protects them is
their guns but what they take everything
and they leave the guns behind just for
remind of viers what they claim to have
uh found this is directly from the
Israeli military they say that they
found guns ammunition grenades a and a
flack jacket so no no captives obviously
that's the main objective for the for
the Israeli military no massive network
of tunnels and and and the other things
that they showed are are so ridiculous
it's I don't know if it you know worth
commentary for example they they found a
a calendar on the wall in Arabic and the
military spokesman was saying you see uh
these are the names of the of the Hamas
Fighters and their shifts and what it
actually said is Sunday Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday nothing else in
Arabic so they are showing this but
presume is evidence but it's actually
humbug there's they don't have anything
to show for that justification for the
genocide that they've carried against
Gaza and for the bombings of the
hospitals and their vicinities and for
their attacks and for the collective
punishments making 36 hospitals out of
service which actually led to the death
of countless people thousands of people
because of their policies based based on
uh uh some sort of a justification with
no shred of evidence and now and this is
very important for our viewers around
the world to keep in mind that as they
brought in these boxes into the shifa
hospital the last few hours you know in
we saw them on camera bringing box boxes
in I can only think how they are staging
a scene now under the hospital of what
seems to be a Hamas presence I mean now
they can set up a stage of what is it's
near impossible for anybody to
independently verify what the Israelis
are claiming right now and I guess we'll
never really know because by the time
anybody's allowed into the Gaza Strip
the whole scene will have moved rapidly
forward absolutely and and more than
that 10 days ago Hamas uh proposed
independent Committee of sort to come in
to the hospitals and to check for
themselves by the United Nations I mean
we've seen for example the head of
Unicef making it into Gaza and so on so
so why not just send having sent an
independent commission to look into
what's going on guys but the Israelis
didn't want it the Americans didn't want
it they kept talking about evidence
evidence that no one have seen clearly
there isn't much of an Evidence and now
we see it and for me it just brings back
the memories of Iraq war weapons of mass
destructions Weapons of Mass
destructions there were no weapons of
mass destructions and there is no Hamas
headquarters under the hospitals it's
all a madeup uh justification for them
to carry on with their war crimes
unfortunately that justification has led
to the loss of life on a huge scale
Maran thank you very much for that Mar
Bashar there